Yusei: NOW LET'S GET UP TO SPEED
WITH "YU-GI-OH 5D'S"!
SORRY I'M A BIT LATE,
TRAFFIC WAS A BEAST.
YOU KNOW HOW IT IS.
BUT ENOUGH ABOUT ME.
YOU WANT THIS.
HERE.
FINALLY THE PROGRAM
IS MINE...
AND ALL OF ITS MIGHT.
YOU WERE FOLLOWED.
NO! I WAS SURE
I SLIPPED THEM.
SLIPPED THEM?
THEN YOU KNEW?
SO YOU'VE COME TO TAKE BACK
YOUR PROGRAM, HAVE YOU?
GOOD LUCK.
YOU'LL NEED IT HERE
IN MY DOMAIN.
AAH!
LAZAR!
UH-OH.
WHAT IS THAT?
Guard Robot:
PREMISES LOCK-DOWN COMPLETE.
YUSEI FUDO, THE ONLY WAY TO
OVERRIDE LOCK-DOWN
PROTOCOL SYSTEMS
IS BY DEFEATING ME IN A DUEL.
Primo: NOW THE TIME HAS AT LAST
COME FOR YOU TO AWAKE, MY PETS.
THE TIME HAS COME
TO GIVE YOU LIFE.
Guard Robot: IT IS TIME TO DUEL.
[THINKING] AND IF I PLAN TO GET
OUT OF THIS ROOM
IN TIME TO FIND OUR PROGRAM,
I BETTER WIN AND FAST.
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN?
ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
COME ON, OPEN!
THIS MAKES NO SENSE...
THE WHOLE PLACE...
IT'S LOCKED DOWN!
ARE YOU SURE THAT WE'RE
IN THE RIGHT SPOT?
YEAH. THIS IS WHERE
BRUNO SAID TO GO.
BUT NOW...I CAN'T EVEN
GET A HOLD OF HIM.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
Primo: YES, THAT'S RIGHT...
AWAKEN, MY PETS.
LET THE PROGRAM TAKE HOLD...
THERE'S NO ONE
WHO CAN STOP US NOW.
THEY'LL TRY...
BUT I'VE MADE CERTAIN
THAT THEY'LL FAIL!
THAT GUARD BOT SURE HAS
PUT YUSEI IN A BIND...
WITH THAT LOCK DRAGON
AND THE SPELL LEVEL LIMIT--
AREA B
BOTH OUT ON THE FIELD...
YUSEI'S NOT ALLOWED TO MAKE
ANY SPECIAL SUMMONINGS
NOR CAN HE ATTACK WITH
ANY OF HIS HIGH LEVEL MONSTERS!
[THINKING] THAT BOT
BOUGHT HIMSELF SOME TIME
BY STOPPING ME FROM
USING MY BEST WEAPONS,
BUT IF I TIME THINGS RIGHT,
THAT COULD ALL CHANGE.
TO END MY TURN...
I THROW A FACEDOWN.
IT IS NOW MY TURN TO GO
AND I ACTIVATE THE SPELL
SUMMON PASS.
DUE TO SUMMON PASS,
WHEN EITHER OF US
SUMMONS A MONSTER,
THE OTHER PLAYER MUST
THEN DRAW ONE CARD.
THE FIRST PLAYER
THEN HAS TO GUESS
WHAT TYPE OF CARD IT IS.
IF THE GUESS IS DIFFERENT
FROM THE CARD THAT
HIS OPPONENT DREW,
THE MONSTER THAT WAS
SUMMONED IS DESTROYED.
ACCORDING TO MY CALCULATIONS,
THE ODDS OF YOU
NOW SUCCESSFULLY
SUMMONING A MONSTER
ARE DECREASED BY 15%.
THIS IS AWFUL!
SO NOW YUSEI
CAN'T EVEN SUMMON MONSTERS
FOR CERTAIN?!
I NOW PLACE
ONE CARD FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN.
[THINKING] THAT BOT HAS 5 CARDS
IN ITS SPELL AND TRAP CARD ZONE
AND EACH ONE IS
MEANT TO STALL ME.
AND THE LONGER THIS DUEL GOES,
THE MORE COUNTERS
ARE ACCUMULATED
AND ONCE THERE ARE 4,
COUNTER FORCE WILL TAKE OUT
ALL MY LIFE POINTS.
SO IF I'M GONNA STOP
THIS CAST IRON COMPUTER,
I'M GONNA HAVE TO DO IT QUICK.
IT'S MY DRAW!
AND FIRST, I'M GONNA
SWITCH LEVEL EATER
INTO ATTACK MODE!
THEN FROM MY HAND,
I PLAY THE SPELL CARD
SYNCHRO GIFT!
THIS ALLOWS ME TO TAKE
ALL THE ATTACK POINTS
OF ONE OF MY
SYNCHRO MONSTERS
AND ADD THEM ONTO
THE ATTACK POINTS
OF ONE OF MY
REGULAR MONSTERS!
SO GO JUNK WARRIOR!
LEND YOUR POWER
TO LEVEL EATER!
BRILLIANT!
SINCE LEVEL EATER
IS JUST A LEVEL 1,
IT'S NOT AFFECTED BY THE SPELL
LEVEL LIMIT--AREA B!
AND WITH THE POWER UP
IT CAN DESTROY LOCK DRAGON!
LEVEL EATER!
TAKE FLIGHT AND ATTACK!
I ACTIVATE A COUNTER
TRAP...NEGATE ATTACK!
YOU WHAT?!
DUE TO THIS CARD,
YOUR ATTACK IS NEGATED,
AND THE BATTLE PHASE
IMMEDIATELY ENDS.
ALSO, DUE TO THE ACTIVATION
OF NEGATE ATTACK,
COUNTER FORCE'S
EFFECT ACTIVATES...
AN EFFECT THAT GIVES ME
ONE COUNTER
WHENEVER A COUNTER TRAP
IS PLAYED.
WHICH MEANS THAT BOT
IS ONE COUNTER CLOSER
TO WIPING OUT
MY LIFE POINTS
AND HE'S STILL GOT
A FACEDOWN ON HIS FIELD
LEFT TO PLAY...
THE EFFECT OF
SYNCHRO GIFT IS OVER--
BOTH MY MONSTERS'
ATTACK POINTS
NOW RETURN TO NORMAL.
SO IT WAS ALL FOR NAUGHT!?
THE SPELL CARD, HAVING THAT
LEVEL EATER ATTACK?
YOU MEAN TO TELL ME
THE ONLY THING
THIS TURN ACCOMPLISHED WAS...
TO GIVE THAT BOT
ANOTHER COUNTER?!
OH, THIS IS BAD.
NOT EXACTLY THE FRONT DOOR
BUT IT'LL HAVE TO DO.
MY DRAW.
I PLACE ONE FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN.
[THINKING] ANOTHER
FACEDOWN TO
CONTEND WITH?
LOOKS LIKE THE TIME'S
STILL NOT RIGHT
TO PLAY MINE THEN...
AFTER ALL, IF ONE OF
THOSE FACEDOWNS
NEGATE WHAT I HAVE
PLANNED, I'M FINISHED.
I'VE GOTTA FIGURE OUT A
WAY TO GET RID OF THEM.
I KNEW YUSEI WOULDN'T
STAND A CHANCE...
Jakob: PRIMO!
WHAT DO YOU WANT?
I WANT TO KNOW
WHAT YOU'RE UP TO!
WHAT I'M UP TO IS NONE OF
YOUR CONCERN, JAKOB.
SO BUTT OUT!
IF WHATEVER IT IS
YOU'RE DOING
AFFECTS THE GRAND DESIGN,
THEN SO HELP ME PRIMO...
WHY, OF COURSE IT AFFECTS
THE GRAND DESIGN!
IT WILL HELP REALIZE IT,
NOW IF YOU'LL EXCUSE ME.
WAIT, PRIMO!
AH...IT IS DONE.
NOW...AWAKEN MY CHILDREN!
AWAKEN AND TAKE TO THE STREETS
OF NEW DOMINO CITY!
[LAUGHS]
Jakob: WHO DOES PRIMO
THINK HE IS?
Lester: OH I KNOW ...
HE'S THE GUY WHO
ALWAYS TICKS YOU OFF!
[SNICKERING]
THIS IS NOTHING
TO JOKE ABOUT, LESTER.
CHILL OUT, JAKOB.
PRIMO HAS THE SAME GOAL
WE ALL DO--
TO MAKE
THE CIRCUIT APPEAR
AND HAVE IT ACTIVATE.
THE ONLY DIFFERENCE IS,
HE WANTS TO
FAST-TRACK IT--
NOT WAIT FOR YOU TO
SLOWLY TRICK THE SIGNERS
INTO SOMEHOW
SUMMONING IT FOR US.
SO HIS BIG SOLUTION
IS THIS DUEL BOT ARMY?
HOW DOES HE EVEN
KNOW THIS PROGRAM
THAT THE SIGNERS
WERE DEVELOPING
IS GOING TO WORK?
THERE ARE SIMPLY TOO MANY
THINGS THAT CAN GO WRONG!
YES, BUT THAT'S ALL
PART OF THE FUN,
DON'TCHA THINK?
FUN?!
YEAH, IT'S NOT LIKE
WE'RE IN TROUBLE.
I MEAN, WHO REALLY CARES
WHAT KIND OF PANIC
WE CAUSE?
THE BOTTOM LINE IS THAT
ONE WAY OR ANOTHER
THE CIRCUIT IS GOING TO
APPEAR AND WHEN IT DOES,
NONE OF THIS
WILL MATTER.
IT MATTERS--THE GRAND DESIGN
IS A FAR MORE FRAGILE THING
THAN YOU MAKE IT OUT TO BE.
WOULD YOU JUST QUIT
WORRYING ABOUT IT?
SOON, THE ULTIMATE POWER
WILL BE OURS
AND WHEN IT IS,
WE'LL UNLEASH IT
ON ALL THOSE
NEW DOMINO CITY DRUDGES!
[LAUGHS]
OURS? I WOULDN'T
BE SO SURE.
[GROANING SOFTLY]
HMM.
MAN, WHAT IS THIS PLACE?
FROM THE OUTSIDE IT LOOKS
LIKE A PLAIN OLD FACTORY...
RIGHT--BUT NOW IT'S
LOOKING SUPER HI-TECH...
SOMETHING'S UP--WE'D BETTER
FIND YUSEI AND BRUNO QUICK!
SO...LET'S GET MOVIN'!
AH, WHAT A WONDERFUL
SOUND THAT IS...
IT'S THE SOUND OF POWER...
OF COMPLETE AND TOTAL
ANNIHILATION.
[LAUGHS] NO ONE
WILL SEE IT COMING.
AND NO ONE WILL EVER KNOW
WHERE IT CAME FROM.
SORRY YUSEI...BUT FOR YOU...
I'M AFRAID THAT'S NOT
VERY GOOD NEWS AT ALL.
NOR IS IT FOR YOUR FRIENDS.
YOU SEE, I SIMPLY CAN'T
LEAVE THIS FACTORY STANDING.
ALL EVIDENCE MUST BE DESTROYED.
Duel Runner Computer:
ATTENTION: THIS FACTORY WILL
SELF-DESTRUCT IN 10 MINUTES.
ADVISE THAT ALL PERSONS VACATE
THESE PREMISES IMMEDIATELY.
REPEAT: THIS FACTORY WILL
SELF-DESTRUCT IN 10 MINUTES.
ADVISE THAT ALL PERSONS VACATE
THESE PREMISES IMMEDIATELY...
WHERE'S YUSEI?
THERE--IT'S DONE.
GOOD RIDDANCE YOU PESTS--
ENJOY YOUR LAST MOMENTS.
NOW THEN...
I REALLY MUST BE GOING.
THIS PLACE IS GONNA BLOW
IN 10 MINUTES?!
[GASP] ACTUALLY, NOT EVEN!
THE CLOCK'S ALREADY TICKING!
AND WE'RE...LOCKED UP
IN THIS LITTLE ROOM!!!
YUSEI?! YUSEI?!
WHERE COULD HE BE--
AND WHERE ARE JACK AND CROW?
THIS IS THE LONGEST
HALLWAY EVER!
HEY! I SEE
A ROOM UP AHEAD!
LOOK--IT'S BRUNO!
CROW!
ARE YOU OK?
I THINK SO.
SOMEONE KNOCKED ME
ON THE HEAD PRETTY GOOD--
I'M NOT SURE WHO.
WHERE IS YUSEI?
I DON'T KNOW--
WE GOT SPLIT UP...
NUTS! WE GOTTA
FIND HIM!
THEN I SAY
WE HEAD UP THERE.
LOOKS LIKE SOME KIND
OF CONTROL ROOM.
MAYBE THERE'S A LAYOUT
OF THIS PLACE
THAT'LL HELP US
FIND YUSEI!
Crow: ALRIGHT, LET'S GO!
Jack: THIS IS
NO CONTROL PANEL.
IT'S A COUNTDOWN
TIMER...
YEAH AND THERE'S
NOT MUCH TIME LEFT!
THIS SELF-DESTRUCT MECHANISM
IS SET TO GO OFF IN MINUTES!
CAN YOU STOP IT?
OR BUY US SOME TIME?
I'M TRYING, I'M TRYING...
ONLY...THE KEYBOARD'S
NOT RESPONDING!
GAH!
HUH?
IT'S YUSEI!
AND IT LOOKS LIKE
HE'S DUELING...
A GIANT ROBOT?
LOOKS LIKE LAZAR'S
THERE WITH HIM, TOO!
HUH?
YUSEI?!
CAN YOU HEAR ME?
Jack: I THINK HE CAN!
Crow: YUSEI,
ARE YOU ALRIGHT?
JACK? CROW? BRUNO?
Jack: YEAH, IT'S US!
BUT WHAT ARE YOU
DOING DUELING?
DON'T YOU KNOW?
THIS WHOLE PLACE
IS ABOUT TO BLOW!
WE'VE GOT TO FIND
A WAY OUT OF HERE.
WELL--
OF COURSE WE KNOW!
BUT WE'RE STUCK HERE!
Crow: WELL, GET UNSTUCK!
YOU DON'T HAVE
MUCH TIME LEFT!
NO, YOU DON'T
UNDERSTAND, CROW...
THIS ROOM IS
ON LOCK DOWN UNLESS
I WIN THIS DUEL.
IT'S ON WHAT?!
LOCK DOWN?!
THEN JUST BEAT THAT
BUCKET OF BOLTS ALREADY!
THAT'S EASIER SAID THAN DONE!
THIS BOT'S MADE IT SO YUSEI
CAN BARELY EVEN MAKE A MOVE!
SO TIME IS NOT ON OUR SIDE!
Yusei: FORGET ABOUT ME!
YOU GUYS JUST GO!
WHAT?
NO WAY--WE'RE NOT
LEAVING YOU BEHIND!
JUST TRUST ME...
I'M GONNA BE ALL RIGHT...
[GASP]
YOU'LL BE ALL RIGHT,
WHAT ABOUT ME?!
I'M HERE TOO!
PLEASE--MY FRIENDS,
COME RESCUE ME!
Yusei: I KNOW
WHAT I'M DOING!
NOW JUST GO!
BUT YUSEI...
[GRUMBLES] FINE THEN...
CROW, BRUNO, LET'S GO.
WE'RE LEAVING.
NO WAY--I'M STAYING HERE.
IF YOU WANNA GO, FINE.
[GROWLS]
GUH!
THAT HURT--WHAT'S
YOUR PROBLEM?!
YOU THINK THIS
IS EASY FOR ME?!
THAT HAPPENS TO BE
MY FRIEND IN THERE!
SO WHY LEAVE?!
BECAUSE, BRUNO...
WE HAVE TO BELIEVE
IN YUSEI.
HUH? BELIEVE?
MM-HMM.
OK...IF YOU SAY SO.
Lazar: BELIEVE?!...
YUSEI, WE'LL SEE
YOU OUTSIDE.
Yusei: YEAH. NOW JUST
GET GOING ALREADY.
Jack: YUSEI--YOU HAD BETTER
KNOW WHAT YOU'RE DOING!
GOOD LUCK--
NOW HURRY UP AND WIN!
Yusei: RIGHT. THAT'S THE PLAN.
I HAVE MONEY!
I'LL PAY YOU!
NO--PLEASE DON'T GO!
[SIGHS] THAT'S IT,
WE'RE GONERS, RIGHT?
Yusei: WRONG.
I SAID I KNOW
WHAT I'M DOING...
AND I DO.
[THINKING]
THE QUESTION IS,
CAN I DO IT
FAST ENOUGH...
DON'T WORRY, BRUNO,
IF THERE'S ANYONE
WHO CAN GET OUT OF A JAM
LIKE THIS, IT'S YUSEI.
RIGHT--HE WOULDN'T
HAVE TOLD US
TO LEAVE
UNLESS HE HAD
SOMETHING PLANNED.
THAT'S RIGHT MATE,
AND IF WE DIDN'T LEAVE
IT WOULD MEAN THAT
WE DIDN'T BELIEVE
HE COULD DO WHAT
HE SAID HE COULD.
AND OUR FRIENDSHIP
IS ALL ABOUT
BELIEVING IN
EACH OTHER--
CUZ WHEN YA BELIEVE...
YOU CAN DO ANYTHING!
IT'S MY TURN!
I THINK I GET IT NOW...
BY US LEAVING...
YUSEI CAN FOCUS
ON WINNING!
I SUMMON DRILL SYNCHRON!
AT THIS MOMENT, THE EFFECT
OF SUMMON PASS ACTIVATES.
BECAUSE YOU SUMMONED A LEVEL
4-OR-BELOW MONSTER,
I DRAW ONE CARD
AND YOU HAVE TO GUESS
THE TYPE OF CARD IT IS.
IF THE CARD TYPE I DREW IS
DIFFERENT FROM YOUR GUESS,
DRILL SYNCHRON
IS DESTROYED.
HERE IS MY DRAW...
THEN I SUPPOSE
HERE'S MY GUESS...
[WHINES]
I GUESS TRAP CARD!
CORRECT.
ALRIGHT! FINALLY LUCK
IS ON OUR SIDE!
YOU'RE WRONG, LAZAR,
IT HAS NOTHING TO DO
WITH LUCK...
THIS GUARD BOT'S DECK
IS BASED ON USING
COUNTER TRAPS...
CRUNCH THE NUMBERS
AND THE ODDS CLEARLY
FAVOR A TRAP CARD TYPE.
ALRIGHT! FINALLY,
PROBABILITY IS ON OUR SIDE!
NEXT UP, A SPELL!
GO BLIND SPOT STRIKE!
NOW, UNTIL THE END
PHASE OF THIS TURN,
THE ATTACK POINTS OF
A MONSTER ON MY FIELD
INCREASE BY
THE DEFENSE POINTS
OF A MONSTER
IN DEFENSE MODE
ON YOUR FIELD!
YES! NOW YOU CAN POWER UP
THAT DRILL SYNCHRON
AND TAKE IT TO THAT
METAL MENACE!
INCORRECT, I ACTIVATE
THE TRAP MAGIC JAMMER.
WHAT?!
NOW BY DISCARDING
ONE CARD IN MY HAND
I CAN NEGATE AND DESTROY
YOUR SPELL CARD.
ADDITIONALLY, DUE TO
THE ACTIVATION
OF THE COUNTER TRAP
MAGIC JAMMER,
COUNTER FORCE'S
EFFECT ACTIVATES
AND GIVES ME
AN ADDITIONAL COUNTER.
THAT MAKES 3 COUNTERS!
NOW THINGS ARE
REALLY HOPELESS--
WE'RE GONERS FOR SURE!
[WHINES] AT LEAST
MY NAME WILL BE
CARRIED ON BY
MY FAMILY...[HUMS]
MY NAME...AND MY HAIR.
OH, I REMEMBER WHEN
WE ALL GOT OUR FIRST PERMS...
IT IS MY TURN.
I ACTIVATE THE SPELL
MESSENGER OF PEACE
FROM MY HAND.
NOW, NEITHER PLAYER
CAN ATTACK WITH MONSTERS
THAT HAVE 1500-OR-MORE
ATTACK POINTS.
OH NO--
ANOTHER RESTRICTION?
SO MUCH FOR POWERING UP
MY LOW LEVEL MONSTERS
TO WAGE AN ATTACK,
NOW I'M NOT EVEN
ALLOWED TO DO THAT!
YUSEI FUDO,
THE PROBABILITY
OF YOU LOSING
DURING MY NEXT TURN
IS...90%.
MY DRAW!
YUSEI! DON'T FORGET--
THE CLOCK IS TICKING!
[THINKING] HOW COULD
I FORGET...
WITH EACH PASSING SECOND
WE'RE THAT MUCH CLOSER
TO CERTAIN DOOM.
IF WE'RE GOING TO GET
OUT OF THIS ROOM
AND OUT OF THIS FACTORY
IN ONE PIECE,
IT ALL COMES DOWN
TO THIS DRAW...
DOUBLE CYCLONE...
WITH THIS,
I CAN DESTROY CARDS
IN THE SPELL AND TRAP
CARD ZONES
ON BOTH SIDES
OF OUR FIELDS.
WHICH MEANS,
BY PLAYING IT,
I WOULD BE ABLE TO
DESTROY THAT BOT'S
COUNTER FORCE
ALONG WITH ITS
3 COUNTERS.
IT'S THE ONLY MOVE
I HAVE TO MAKE...
SO HERE GOES...
I PLAY A SPELL...
GO DOUBLE CYCLONE!
NOW YOUR TRAP,
COUNTER FORCE,
WILL FACE THE FIERCE
FORCES OF NATURE
AND AFTER THIS STORM...
THERE WON'T BE
ANYTHING LEFT!
I ACTIVATE A COUNTER TRAP.
SOLEMN JUDGMENT.
SOLEMN JUDGMENT?
BUT THAT MEANS...
WITH SOLEMN JUDGMENT,
BY PAYING HALF OF
MY LIFE POINTS,
I CAN NEGATE
THE SUMMONING
OF A MONSTER,
THE USE OF A TRAP
OR, IN THIS CASE,
THE ACTIVATION OF A SPELL.
NO! IT'S OVER!
AND I'M SO YOUNG!
NOW THE EFFECT OF
COUNTER FORCE ACTIVATES.
WHICH MEANS I RECEIVE
AN ADDITIONAL COUNTER.
WHICH MEANS
NEXT TURN THAT BOT
IS GOING TO WIN THIS DUEL!
NICE KNOWING YOU, WORLD.
SEE YA LATER!
THE PROBABILITY OF
YUSEI FUDO LOSING
THIS DUEL
IS...100%.
YOU MIGHT WANT
TO CHECK YOUR MATH.
WHAT?
[GROANS] WHAT?
PLAYING THAT
DOUBLE CYCLONE
WAS THE ONLY MOVE I HAD
BECAUSE IT WAS THE ONLY
WAY TO GET YOU
TO THROW THAT
COUNTER TRAP...
WHAT?
AND...IT WAS
JUST THE TRAP
I'D HOPED FOR.
YOU SEE, I KNEW YOU WERE
PLANNING TO DEFEAT ME
WITH COUNTER FORCE
NEXT TURN...
SO, I KNEW YOU'D DO
WHATEVER YOU HAD TO
TO PROTECT IT,
INCLUDING USING A CARD
LIKE SOLEMN JUDGMENT.
YOU CALCULATED
THAT PAYING
HALF YOUR LIFE POINTS
WOULDN'T MATTER BECAUSE
I WOULDN'T BE AROUND
TO TAKE ADVANTAGE
OF IT--
BUT YOU
CALCULATED WRONG.
FAILURE TO COMPUTE.
WELL, SEE IF
YOU CAN COMPUTE THIS:
GO, LEVEL EATER,
YOU'RE RELEASED...
SO THAT I CAN SUMMON
EARTHQUAKE GIANT!
Duel Runner Computer: WHEN THE
MONSTER CARD EARTHQUAKE GIANT
SWITCHES BATTLE MODES,
A MONSTER ON YOUR
OPPONENT'S FIELD
MUST SWITCH
BATTLE MODES AS WELL.
YUSEI FUDO,
DUE TO THE EFFECT
OF LEVEL LIMIT--AREA B,
ALL LEVEL
4-AND-ABOVE MONSTERS
MUST SWITCH
TO DEFENSE MODE.
Yusei: FINE BECAUSE
THAT ACTIVATES
EARTHQUAKE GIANT'S
SPECIAL ABILITY!
SO GET READY,
CAUSE YOUR LOCK DRAGON'S
ABOUT TO GET SHAKEN
INTO ATTACK MODE.
[LOCK DRAGON SNARLS]
AH, THAT DRAGON'S
NOT NEARLY AS TOUGH
WHEN HE'S NOT IN DEFENSE MODE!
FINALLY, THE TIMING
IS RIGHT
TO PLAY THE FACEDOWN
I'VE BEEN SAVING!
I ACTIVATE
THE TRAP CARD...
PANIC WAVE.
WITH IT, BY DESTROYING
ONE CARD ON MY FIELD
I CAN NEGATE THE EFFECTS
OF ALL FACEUP CARDS
FOR THE ENTIRE TURN!
NOW, LEVEL 3
DRILL SYNCHRON
TUNE WITH LEVEL 5
JUNK WARRIOR!
BEHOLD--AS
THE COSMOS CREATES
A MONSTER
OF GALACTIC MIGHT!
BEHOLD AS I
SYNCHRO SUMMON...
THE STARDUST DRAGON!
[ROARS]
AHH! HIS ULTIMATE BEAST!
I ALWAYS KNEW
YOU COULD DO IT, YUSEI!
IN THIS SCENARIO
SINCE YUSEI FUDO
SUMMONED STARDUST DRAGON,
THE PROBABILITY OF HIM
WINNING IS...100%.
ATTACK WITH
ALL YOUR MIGHT!
[ROARS]
YUSEI FUDO WINS.
ROOM LOCKDOWN
IS REVERSED.
Duel Runner Computer: ATTENTION:
THIS FACTORY WILL...
LET'S GO!
YOU SAID IT! RUN!!!
Duel Runner Computer:
10...9...8...7...6...5...
THERE, UP AHEAD,
I SEE THE EXIT!
AND THIS IS
GONNA BE CLOSE!
Duel Runner Computer: 1...0.
[ALL SHOUTING]
[GROANS]
YUSEI...
WHERE IS HE?
IT CAN'T BE!
[GASPS]
Crow: LOOK--UP THERE!
YUSEI!
NOW THAT'S BLOWING UP.
YOU WERE RIGHT TO BELIEVE
IN YUSEI, JACK.
YEAH...I KNOW.
ALWAYS KEEP
A SPARE BALLOON...
THAT'S WHAT I SAY!
LAZAR...YOU ARE TRULY
ONE IN A MILLION.
AND IT WAS
A MILLION TO ONE SHOT
THAT WE WERE GOING TO BEAT
THAT BOT AT HIS OWN GAME.
THANKS FOR
SAVING THE DAY.
AND THOUGH I'D LOVE
TO STAY AND CHAT...
I REALLY MUST BE LEAVING!
WAIT! WHAT DID YOU DO
WITH OUR PROGRAM?!
PROGRAM? WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
ARGH!
TRUST ME, YUSEI,
IT'S FAR BETTER
THAT YOU DON'T KNOW.
YOU SIMPLY HAVE NO IDEA
WHO AND WHAT
YOU'RE UP AGAINST!
MY ADVICE IS
TO JUST LET IT GO
AND FORGET
THIS EVER HAPPENED.
SERIOUSLY! I'M NOT
FULL OF HOT AIR HERE!
GET IT?
HOT AIR?!
LIKE A BALLOON?!
[LAUGHS]
[THINKING] LET IT GO AND FORGET
THIS EVER HAPPENED?
I DON'T THINK SO.
Crow: YUSEI!
[THINKING] I MAY NOT KNOW
WHO I'M UP AGAINST...
BUT I KNOW WHO I STAND WITH.
AND WE'RE NOT BACKING DOWN.